she is your iguana, I'll explain, she drank
a lot of alcohol and is therefore euphoric,
uncoordinated and loves everyone,
now she is happy but this happiness has a
price when she wakes up tomorrow, in fact
the iguana will have to face nausea,
headache, stomach ache and  so much repentance
you want to know why and then everything you
need to know about alcohol I
will explain it to you at the base of all the
alcoholic drinks that we usually drink whether
they are wine beer vodka whiskey
there is a molecule called ethyl alcohol
also called ethanol ethanol is also
the only type of alcohol that we can
ingest without poisoning ourselves, think that
some scientists believe that our
primate ancestors developed the
ability to metabolize ethanol
10 million years ago, a
very useful evolutionary adaptation because it allowed
them to also eat fermented fruit
without  get sick by giving them access to
many more food resources. In fact,
ethanol is created through a
process called alcoholic fermentation
which is what happens in nature
when ripe fruit rots and is
attacked by some bacteria called
saccharomyces which feed on the
sugars contained in it by digesting  ii
and transforming them into molecules of ethanol
and carbon dioxide when we drink
alcohol this follows the normal
path of all foods passing
from the mouth through the esophagus and
then ending up in the stomach, here
about 20 percent
of the alcohol we ingest is absorbed  entering immediately
into the bloodstream and starting to take
effect very quickly,
the alcohol that has not been absorbed
by the stomach moves to the small intestine
where it will arrive much more
quickly if we drank on an
empty stomach from the intestine the alcohol enters
directly into the bloodstream  blood
traveling to the liver
which will immediately try to
eliminate the ethanol molecules from
our body
to do this the liver must break down
the ethanol molecules using an enzyme
called alcohol dehydrogenase which changes
the chemical structure of ethanol
by oxidizing it and transforming
it into  'acetaldehyde a substance known to
be very toxic and carcinogenic
acetaldehyde is in turn
broken down and metabolised by the liver
through an enzyme called
acetaldehyde dehydrogenase but if there
is more alcohol in the liver than
my parts are able to handle
ethanol  and the excess acetaldehyde
will begin to circulate throughout the
rest of the body
and it is precisely at this point that
the first consequences
of alcohol intoxication occur.
The first is an increase in
blood flow to the skin
which explains why the
lighter-skinned people blush and because
most of us
start to sweat and smell like alcohol when we drink,
our body then starts to decrease
the production of vasopressin, a
hormone that helps the kidneys manage the
amount of water in the body, the
decrease in  vasopressin prevents
the kidneys from reabsorbing the water from the
liquids which receive water which is
therefore expelled through the urine in
large quantities with the consequence of
deserting the body when the alcohol
from the liver reaches the heart the
blood vessels begin to dilate the
pressure of the  blood begins to drop
as the heart begins to pump the
alcohol-rich blood towards the lungs
some of the alcohol that then reaches the
lungs is expelled every time
we breathe giving our breath
that lovely aroma of wandering and
domestic violence
the blood rich in  Alcohol is pumped
from the heart to all other parts of the
body including the brain and this is where
the
changes in behavior that we
know as drunkenness or
euphoria, disinhibition, increased
sociability, decreased anxiety and sense
of relaxation, memory problems begin to occur.  and
in controlling one's movements but
why does all this happen the reason is
that alcohol like all drugs because it
must be remembered that alcohol is a drug
alters the normal functioning of the
neurotransmitters of the human brain
first of all alcohol increases
the  activity of the neurotransmitter gaba,
causing drowsiness in us, slowness of
movement and thought, on the contrary,
alcohol decreases the activity of the
neurotransmitter glutamate, making us
uninhibited and causing us to have
exaggerated emotional responses to the situations in
which we find ourselves. Furthermore, with low
levels of glutamate we are less attentive
and  our memory works worse
which is why sometimes those who get drunk do not
remember the events that occurred when they were
intoxicated the third main
neurotransmitter is influenced
by alcohol and dopamine which regulates
the sense of pleasure and
gratification in us alcohol increases its
production in  our brain causing
hyperactivity and euphoria and explaining the
reason for the very over the
top behavior of drunk people,
however everything has a price and in terms
of health drinking a lot of alcohol is really
expensive for the body after a night spent
drinking waking up will give us headaches
head dryness of the mucous membranes nausea and
stomach pain sense of exhaustion
headaches and dryness of the mucous membranes are the
result of dehydration caused
by the decrease in vasopressin the
reason is that when the body is
dehydrated it tends to take water away from the
brain to try to hydrate other
organs forcing  the brain tissues to
shrink due to the decrease
in fluids that separate the brain
from the skull causing the typical
headache the next day but a headache
to which the accumulation of acetaldehyde also contributes
which is also one of the
main causes of the typical feeling of
hangover nausea and fatigue no matter how terrible your
hangover, however, know that luckily
there is a 100% effective remedy
and it's called time
yes because the truth is that there is no
scientifically valid cure for
hangovers you can  just
treat the symptoms and wait drink lots of
water to rehydrate the body eat
something not too taxing on
the stomach and irritated and take a
painkiller for the headache is
all you can do
while we wait for the body to get rid
of all the  harmful substances and repair the
damage caused by our unwise choices
the night before but what are the
damages caused by alcohol?
the organ most damaged by
alcohol abuse is the liver. the consequences on those who
drink a lot are serious and range from
hepatitis  from cirrhosis of the liver to
liver cancer, tumors
which more generally due to alcohol
can occur throughout the
digestive system from the mouth to the intestine,
alcohol favors the appearance of
cardiac and vascular disorders such as
hypertension and  consequent increase
in the risk of stroke and heart attack,
alcoholism also damages our
sexuality by causing a decrease in libido,
infertility and impotence in men.
Furthermore, alcoholism is considered a
drug addiction in all respects
which can lead to various
psychiatric problems such as depression
syndrome  obsessive and paranoid
eating disorders and many
other horrible things
finally consuming a lot of alcohol very
often for a long time can
physically damage our nervous tissue
creating irreparable damage to our
brain
and what relationship do you have with alcohol do you
drink regularly they yes how much
please let us know  in the comments and also let us
know which topics you would like us to
cover.
In the next videos we will try to
satisfy them all little by little to
make our videos, in fact
many hours of work are needed but
if you want to help us produce
more and more videos more and more quickly
you can do as  they were our
supporters on patrian who we thank and
without whom this video would not have
been possible to become our
supporters
visit the website www.pacioli.net I
will explain it to you video and make a donation in
exchange you will always receive some
reward it's your name  it will appear
in the final titles of the videos of I
'll explain it to you thanks to everyone and the next
video